NormalFitGeneratorSOCJT2 is a script written to utilize SOCJT 2's vibronic fitting capabilities. The SOCJT 2 program was developed by Terrance J. Codd (https://github.com/tcodd86) for the computation and fitting of vibronic spectra. Pure calculations could be fit using known parameters which left an open question of how experimental error could affect the parameters of the fit, if we knew the right parameters but let the levels vary by an experimental error. NormalFitGeneratorSOCJT2 was written for that purpose. 

NormalFitGeneratorSOCJT2 takes a set of vibronic levels (in the fit file format) and varies the levels by a normal distribution, outputting a fit file using the exact same assignments but with varied levels. Then SOCJT 2 is executed and fits these levels giving an output. This is repeated as many times as the user wishes and the total parameters are collected in one file.

The program requires a fit file and an input file. The fit file should be in the same format as required by SOCJT 2 (these are intended to be a set of pure calculations). The same input file as used for fitting with SOCJT 2 is used, except FITFILE is set to USENFG: "FITFILE = USENFG". The input file and fit file and "SOCJT 2.exe" should be in the same directory as the program. After executing the program, the user will be prompted for the fit file name, the input file name, output file name, standard deviation of the normal distribution used to vary the fit file levels, number of iterations, and number of threads on which the program can be ran in parallel.